

Auto


Hide navigation

Search or Ask AI
⌘ K





Introduction
Configuration with eas.json
EAS CLI

AI
MCP Server

EAS Workflows
Introduction
Get started
Pre-packaged jobs
Syntax
Automating EAS CLI commands
REST API
Limitations

EAS Build
Introduction
Create your first build
Configure with eas.json
Internal distribution
Automate submissions
Using EAS Update
Trigger builds from CI
Trigger builds from GitHub App
Expo Orbit

EAS Submit
Introduction
Submit to the Google Play Store
Submit to the Apple App Store
Configure with eas.json

EAS Hosting
Introduction
Get started with EAS Hosting
Deployments and aliases
Custom domain
Monitor API routes
Web deployments with EAS Workflows

EAS Update
Introduction
Get started

EAS Metadata
Introduction
Get started

EAS Insights
Introduction

EAS Observe
Introduction
Get started
Dashboard
Configuration
Expo Router

Distribution
Overview
App stores best practices
App transfers
Understanding app size
Reference
Webhooks
Archive

Expo Snack


Discord and Forums


Newsletter

EAS Build
EAS Build is a hosted service for building app binaries for your Expo and React Native projects.


Copy page

For the complete documentation index, see llms.txt. Use this file to discover all available pages.
EAS Build is a hosted Expo Application Services (EAS) service that builds app binaries (also called standalone apps) for your Expo and React Native projects.

EAS Build makes building your apps for distribution simple and easy to automate by providing defaults that work well for Expo and React Native projects out of the box, and by handling your app signing credentials for you (if you wish). It also makes sharing builds with your team easier than ever with internal distribution (using ad hoc and/or enterprise "universal" provisioning), deeply integrates with EAS Submit for app store submissions, and has first-class support for the expo-updates library.

EAS Build is also designed to work for any native project, whether or not you use Expo and React Native. It's the fastest way to get from npx create-expo-app or npx @react-native-community/cli@latest init to app stores.

Quick start

The eas commands below require EAS CLI. See How to install EAS CLI for more information.
To build your app, run the following command:


Terminal

Copy
eas build --platform all
This command sends your project to EAS Build and produces installable binaries for Android and iOS. You can also build for one platform at a time by passing in --platform android or --platform ios as desired. For complete setup instructions, see Create your first build.

Key features

Cloud builds for Android and iOS with consistent environments
Automatically provision and manage app signing credentials or use your own
Share internal distribution builds with a URL
Automate builds with build profiles in eas.json (named sets of build settings) and integrations with EAS Workflows or CI pipelines
Auto-submit successful builds to app stores via --auto-submit and EAS Submit
First-class expo-updates integration with per-profile channels and runtime version guidance
Reuse development builds across your team. When two team members run eas build:dev and the project fingerprint matches, the existing build is downloaded from EAS instead of creating a new one
Faster builds via dependency caching and custom cache paths
Install builds and updates on devices with Expo Orbit
When to use EAS Build

Scenario	Recommendation
Build production-ready binaries for app stores	
Share builds with testers via internal distribution	
Consistent builds across team members without local environment setup	
Automate builds from CI or EAS Workflows	
Managed app signing credentials	
Debugging native code locally	
Frequently asked questions


How do I share builds with my team before submitting to app stores?

Can I use EAS Build with existing React Native projects?

Does EAS Build handle app signing credentials?

Can I run builds locally instead of in the cloud?

Can I use EAS Build with EAS Workflows or CI pipelines?

What build server infrastructure does EAS Build use?
Get started


Create your first build
It should only take a few minutes in total to get up and running for iOS and/or Android.


Share your apps with internal testers
EAS Build can help share preview builds of your app with a single URL.


Automate submissions
Learn how EAS Build can take your successful builds and handle uploading them to app stores automatically.


App version management
Automate version bumps so you never have to think about them again.


Run builds locally or on your own infrastructure
EAS Build is a hosted service, and it can also run on your own machine, for example, to debug or to comply with company security policies.


Limitations
EAS Build is new and rapidly evolving, so we recommend getting familiar with the current limitations.


Previous (EAS Workflows - Examples)
Run E2E tests
Next (EAS Build)
Create your first build

Was this doc helpful?


Share your feedback

Ask a question on the forums

Edit this page

View llms.txt and llms-full.txt
Last updated on March 01, 2026
Sign up for the Expo Newsletter

Sign Up
Unsubscribe at any time. Read our privacy policy.

Your Privacy Choices
We use cookies to collect data and improve our services. Learn more
Decline
Accept
Customize