






Builds

adc41d69

Compare

This build can no longer be submitted to the App Store
Starting April 28, 2026, Apple requires apps submitted to the App Store to be built with Xcode 26 or newer. This build used Xcode 15. Rebuild on a newer EAS Build image to submit. Learn more.

iOS App Store build
c51deb4

Profile

Environment
Channel

Commit
Created by
production
production

production

main
c51deb4

cfirneno account icon
cfirneno

Build artifact

Status
Start time
Wait time
Queue time

Build time
Total time
Availability


Errored
May 28, 2026 8:05 AM
3s
32s
1m 3s
1m 39s
29 days

Logs



Waiting to start
36s



Spin up build environment
3ms



Prepare project
15s



Pre-install hook
804ms



Read eas.json
2ms



Read package.json
1ms



Install dependencies
19s



Read app config
285ms



Resolve build configuration
4s

Found eas-cli in your project dependencies.
It's recommended to use the "cli.version" field in eas.json to enforce the eas-cli version for your project.
Learn more: https://github.com/expo/eas-cli#enforcing-eas-cli-version-for-your-project
⚠️ Detected that your app uses Expo Go for development, this is not recommended when building production apps.
Learn more: https://expo.fyi/why-not-build-expo-go-for-production
To suppress this warning, set EAS_BUILD_NO_EXPO_GO_WARNING=true.
Resolved "production" environment for the build. Learn more: https://docs.expo.dev/eas/environment-variables/#setting-the-environment-for-your-builds
No environment variables with visibility "Plain text" and "Sensitive" found for the "production" environment on EAS.
- Incrementing buildNumber from 1 to 2.
✔ Incremented buildNumber from 1 to 2.
The build profile "production" has specified the channel "production", but the "expo-updates" package hasn't been installed. To use channels for your builds, install the "expo-updates" package by running "npx expo install expo-updates" followed by "eas update:configure".
ios.buildNumber field in app config is ignored when version source is set to remote, but this value will still be in the manifest available via expo-constants. It's recommended to remove this value from app config.
✔ Using remote iOS credentials (Expo server)
Distribution Certificate is not validated for non-interactive builds.
Failed to set up credentials.
Credentials are not set up. Run this command again in interactive mode.
Error: build:internal command failed.
Failed to run eas build:internal


Fail job
1ms

Build failed

Failed to run eas build:internal